[Rev 1 Docs] [VnV Plan] Add Unit Tests (#570)
arkinmodi/project-sayyara: docs/VnVPlan/VnVPlan.tex

	      provided

	      How test will be performed: Jest will send the create employee request with invalid information

	\item \textbf{FRT-M3-7}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

	      Initial State: A user exists

	      Input: Get user by an email address for an existing user

	      Output: The user

	      Test Case Derivation: Need to look up user data by the user provided email address

	      How test will be performed: Jest will call the internal command to get a user by email address

	\item \textbf{FRT-M3-8}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

	      Initial State: A user exists

	      Input: Get user by an email address for a user that does not exist

	      Output: None

	      Test Case Derivation: Need to look up user data by the user provided email address

	      How test will be performed: Jest will call the internal command to get a user by email address

	\item \textbf{FRT-M3-9}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

	      Initial State: A user exists

	      Input: Authorize a user with a valid email and password

	      Output: The user's data

> 	      Test Case Derivation: A user wants to authorize themselves to view their data (e.g., appointments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	      Test Case Derivation: A user wants to authorize themselves in order to view their data (e.g., appointments,
```

	      work orders, etc.)

	      How test will be performed: Jest will call the internal command to authorize a user

	\item \textbf{FRT-M3-10}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

	      Initial State: A user exists

	      Input: Authorize a user with an invalid email and password

	      Output: A unauthorized error message

> 	      Test Case Derivation: A user wants to authorize themselves to view their data (e.g., appointments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	      Test Case Derivation: A user wants to authorize themselves in order to view their data (e.g., appointments,
```

	      work orders, etc.)

	      How test will be performed: Jest will call the internal command to authorize a user

\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Quotes Module}

This section will contain tests covering the ``Quotes Module'' defined in the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/Design/MIS/MIS.pdf}{MIS}. These
tests were chosen based on common user flows.

\begin{enumerate}

	\item \textbf{FRT-M4-1}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

> 	      Initial State: A customer, a vehicle, a shop, a shop owner, and a custom service exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	      Initial State: A customer, a vehicle, a shop, a shop owner, and a ``CUSTOM'' service exists
```

	      Input: Create quote request with valid information

	      Output: A quote is created

	      Test Case Derivation: A customer wants to request a quote from a shop

	      How test will be performed: Jest will send a create quote request with valid information

	\item \textbf{FRT-M4-2}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

> 	      Initial State: A customer, a vehicle, a shop, a shop owner, and a custom service exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	      Initial State: A customer, a vehicle, a shop, a shop owner, and a ``CUSTOM'' service exists
```

exception for the Database Driver Module. This module is largely composed of generated types and
logic from a third party library, Prisma. It assumed that Prisma's logic is correct and therefore
shall not be tested.

\subsection{Tests for Functional Requirements}

% \wss{Most of the verification will be through automated unit testing.  If
% 	appropriate specific modules can be verified by a non-testing based
% 	technique.  That can also be documented in this section.}

\subsubsection{Users Module}

% \wss{Include a blurb here to explain why the subsections below cover the module.
% References to the MIS would be good.  You will want tests from a black box
% perspective and from a white box perspective.  Explain to the reader how the
% tests were selected.}

This section will contain tests covering the ``Users Module'' defined in the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/Design/MIS/MIS.pdf}{MIS}. These
tests were chosen based on common user flows and internal execution patterns.

\begin{enumerate}

	\item \textbf{FRT-M3-1}

	      Type: Functional, Dynamic, Unit, Automated

> 	      Initial State:

Reviewer 2: Should there be a N/A here if initial state is not needed or null?
